hey everyone today I'll be doing a whole
bunch of hairstyles with bows and
they're all heatless other than the fact
that I already have my hair curled but
you can do all of these hairstyles with
any type of hair really so yeah um if
you guys want to on how I curled my hair
like this just let me know give this
video a thumbs up whatever anyways so um
let's get started so the first hairstyle
is pretty simple I usually wear this one
because it's quick and easy I just take
half of my hair and put it up using a
clear elastic and then right on top of
that clear elastic I just put this viola
bow from American Apparel so option two
for hair style one is very similar it
just has a cool twisted effect to it so
it is the same half-up half-down thing
as I did before and then I just made a
hole between the two pieces and then
flipped the pony tail part through then
I just added this Perri powder bow from
American Apparel as well hairstyle
number two is also a very simple but
cute hairstyle and it is just a simple
three strand braid and you can do it
like this a five strand braid or a
fishtail braid and then I just put this
tiny black bow on it I'm not sure where
it's run on assume this wing
[Music]
this hairstyle is also a very simple one
I just do a high ponytail and let some
pieces fall out so it's more messy and
not as sleek looking and tight so then I
tie off with the blonde elastic and put
in this peri poly bow from American
Apparel this hairstyle is just like a
messy bun so from the ponytail I had
before I just take it on my finger and
twist it and then wrap it around and I
don't clip there anything I just take
the bow that I was using before and clip
that part in and then I just pulled out
a few more pieces from the button to
make it a little bit more messy
[Music]
so for this twisted low ponytail you're
just going to make sure you have a
middle part and then you're going to
take one side and then start twisting
your hair back and grabbing more as you
go and I just clipped it off with a clip
so I couldn't do my other side and just
obviously repeat on the other side and
then I just took the clip out and
replaced it with a bow
[Music]
so the next hairstyle you can do on just
one side of your hair or both and I'm
just going to do it on one and basically
you take one piece from the front of
your head and take a second and twist it
around then take the first piece and
just put in your mouth and keep
repeating that by taking other pieces
and go as far back as you want
just so you know this is called the
twist waterfall so if you want to look
it up for a more elaborate explanation
and then I just put in my American
Apparel bow again so this next hairstyle
looks a very similar to the previous one
but it's just a different technique and
basically you're just going to lace
braids and you can do this on both sides
again or just on the one side and
basically lace braiding you take three
pieces from the front and it's like
French braiding except you only pick up
pieces on the top
[Music]
and again just keep reading as far back
as you want and when you decide to
finish just put your bow there
[Music]
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed give this video a big thumbs
up if you did and make sure to comment
your favorite hairstyle and yeah also
leave video suggestions for videos you
want to see because I'm running out of
ideas and yeah I'll see you next time
bye